[FEATURE] #92517 - Overrule namespace configuration in Extbase plugin enhancer (#2564)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Routing/AdvancedRoutingConfiguration.rst

functionality. Additionally, it is using both the short and the long form of
writing route configurations.

Instead of using the combination of :yaml:`extension` and :yaml:`plugin` one can
also provide the :yaml:`namespace` property as in the
:ref:`regular plugin enhancer <routing-plugin-enhancer>`:

..  code-block:: yaml
    :emphasize-lines: 5

    routeEnhancers:
      NewsPlugin:
        type: Extbase
        limitToPages: [13]
        namespace: tx_news_pi1
        # ... further configuration

..  versionchanged:: 12.2
    Prior to version 12.2 the combination of :yaml:`extension` and
    :yaml:`plugin` was preferred when all three properties are given. Since
    v12.2 the :yaml:`namespace` property has precedence.

> To understand what's happening in the :yaml:`aspects` part, read on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand what is happening in the :yaml:`aspects` part, read on.
```
